# Explanation of the source code
The source code is written in typescript mostly, there are some constants file that are written in javascript. 

* ## File structure:
  In this folder are present all the folders that are relevant for the application lets explain each of them
    * ### [assets](./assets/README.md)
        In the asset folder are all the assets that are needed in the application, like fonts, icons, images and Logos. the idea in the
        future is just to leave the fonts and move all the images to a S3 bucket to minimize the docker images size.
    
    * ### [Components](./Components/README.md)
        In this Folder are contained all the React components that are global for the pages, like the `Header`, the `Footer` etc. the condition for a 
        component to be in this folder is to be used in more than 1 page. Otherwise, it should be on the page components folder.
      
    * ### [Config](./Config/README.md)
        In the Configuration folder are all the files related to Global variables like setting the Env variables, or some basic 
        api queries for the application.
      
    * ### [Context](./Context/README.md)
        In the Context folder contains all the Context hooks and providers that are being used in this application.
      
    * ### [Global](./Global/README.md)
        In the Global folder contains all the Global file for styles and any other global config file that    
      
    * ### [hooks](./hooks/README.md)
        In the hooks folder, you can find all the custom hooks that where written for the application
      
    * ### [i18n](./i18n/README.md)
        In the i18n folder, this is where the multi-language page would be set up.

    * ### [navigation](./i18n/README.md)
        In the navigation folder, is where all the navigation logic is set, every new route should be added there.

    * ### [Pages](./Pages/README.md)
        In the Pages folder is where all the pages files and logic are written.

    * ### [scss](./scss/README.md)
        In the scss folder is where all the font-awesome configuration is made, and it should contain all other configuration for any scss package.

    * ### [utils](./utils/README.md)
        In the utils folder is where all the utils functions should be stored.
    
* ## Single Files
    Now we will explain the single files that are inside the `src` folder.
    * #### App.scss
    In this scss file is where the styles are reset, so the app will look the same 
    * #### App.tsx
    In this file is where the react app is initialized. 
    * #### index.tsx 
    The index.tsx is the file that the index.html will look for in order to use all the `typescript` written across the project

There are additional typescript files that where generated by the react-create-app, in this files you can configure the typescript compiler, also there are files that are setting the jest testing package and web vitals.

[GO BACK](../README.md)